1.(i)getElementById : We can catch only one element because id is always unique. If this id does not stay return the null. We can catch the one element directly and can change the text or style in the innerText element.
(ii)getElementsByClassName: We can give the same class name and catch the some elements. Return HTMLCollection it's not array but to like array.Directly does not work forEach but work for loop.
(iii)querySelector: For catching the first element by css selector. We can use it. Id, calss, tagName anything use the css selector.
(ix)querySelectorAll: Can catch the all matching elements. It returns NodeList. It is very benefit like HTMLCollection because can use for loop and forEach.
2. First, for create a new element take a method which is createElement(tagName). It will not show in the web page until we can use DOM. It just store in the memory.Now, add the content in the creating in the new element.So the element already created. So right now insert this new element in the any element by use DOM. Suppose. will insert this new element in body tag by use document.body.appendChild(new tagName). So, finaly will show the new element in the web page.
3. Event bubbling is a DOM event handling concept where the target element trigar in the any child and that event get up over the parent element this is called bubbling.It is DOM heirarchy child and parent relationship.
4. Event Delegation is a JavaScript techque where eventLestener does not give the seperate child element so give the eventListener parent element. so the main concept is we use event bubbling the parent element can catch to child element. We attach the parent element in the evenLisner.
5.(i)perventElement(): We can use perventDefault() method for the stop any behavior element because the brower fedault action that prevent.When we use form,link redirect,checkbox check in the html then show the output on the brower that time reload. so use the e.preventDefault() for stop.
(i)stopPropagation(): stopPropagation() is called for the stop event bubbling or capturing. The confirm event parent or ancestor element does not go
